[VAN-2021] registration link and add another link to CFP (#10203)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2021-vancouver/welcome.md

  </div>
</div>

<div class = "row">
  <div class = "col-md-2">
    <strong>Register</strong>
  </div>
  <div class = "col-md-8">

>     <a href = "">Register to attend the conference!</a>

Reviewer: You'll need the same helper here for the rego link to appear, as shown in the cfp_link. It should be something like this:

```suggestion
    {{< event_link url-key="registration_link" text="Register to attend the conference!" >}}
```
